classic

    This is the classic theme, which looks like the Python 2 documentation. It can be customized via these options:

        rightsidebar (true or false): Put the sidebar on the right side. Defaults to False.

        stickysidebar (true or false): Make the sidebar “fixed” so that it doesn’t scroll out of view for long body content. This may not work well with all browsers. Defaults to False.

        collapsiblesidebar (true or false): Add an experimental JavaScript snippet that makes the sidebar collapsible via a button on its side. Defaults to False.

        externalrefs (true or false): Display external links differently from internal links. Defaults to False.

    There are also various color and font options that can change the color scheme without having to write a custom stylesheet:

        footerbgcolor (CSS color): Background color for the footer line.

        footertextcolor (CSS color): Text color for the footer line.

        sidebarbgcolor (CSS color): Background color for the sidebar.

        sidebarbtncolor (CSS color): Background color for the sidebar collapse button (used when collapsiblesidebar is True).

        sidebartextcolor (CSS color): Text color for the sidebar.

        sidebarlinkcolor (CSS color): Link color for the sidebar.

        relbarbgcolor (CSS color): Background color for the relation bar.

        relbartextcolor (CSS color): Text color for the relation bar.

        relbarlinkcolor (CSS color): Link color for the relation bar.

        bgcolor (CSS color): Body background color.

        textcolor (CSS color): Body text color.

        linkcolor (CSS color): Body link color.

        visitedlinkcolor (CSS color): Body color for visited links.

        headbgcolor (CSS color): Background color for headings.

        headtextcolor (CSS color): Text color for headings.

        headlinkcolor (CSS color): Link color for headings.

        codebgcolor (CSS color): Background color for code blocks.

        codetextcolor (CSS color): Default text color for code blocks, if not set differently by the highlighting style.

        bodyfont (CSS font-family): Font for normal text.

        headfont (CSS font-family): Font for headings.

